---
layout: post
title: Computational Diplomacy and Policy Wokrshop (ICCS 24)
date: Sat Apr 20 13:43:14 CEST 2024
description: Second workshop to take place in July 2024.
tags: iccs conferences events
categories: 
---

 The International Conference on Computational Science (ICCS) is known for its commitment to advancing interdisciplinary research in computational fields. One of the anticipated workshops at this year's event is the "Workshop on Computational Diplomacy and Policy." This workshop brings together scholars, diplomats, policymakers, and practitioners to explore the role of technology in international diplomacy and policy-making. With the increasing use of digital communication tools in diplomacy, understanding the implications of these technologies for global relations is more important than ever. 

This second edition is co-organized by the Universities of Amsterdam, Geneva, and Durham. At Amsterdam, the POLDER initiative is developing co-created research and new educational programmes around complexity, policy and social systems. The University of Geneva, through the SiDLab is building a new group around computational diplomacy. The University of Durham, through the Durham Research Methods Centre is working with scholars and non-academic partners to develop interdisciplinary methods training and research.


### Important Dates

The workshop follows the same timeline as the main [iccs conference dates](https://www.iccs-meeting.org/iccs2024/important-dates/) unless specified below.

- Abstract submission: 26 April 2024 (final extension)
- Notification to authors: 30 April 2024
- Camera-ready papers: N/A (Abstracts only)
- Author registration: To be announced

### Submission

Submission to the workshop is done via the ICCS easychair you can submit [here](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iccs2024).

We only accept full, poster and abstract submissions which is inline with the main conference.
